Refactor linear algebra to use "tuples" for what was "vectors" (#1397)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/lists/finite-sequences.lagda.md

  in-fin-sequence n a v = Σ (Fin n) (λ k → a ＝ v k)

  index-in-fin-sequence :
    (n : ℕ) (x : A) (v : fin-sequence A n) →
    in-fin-sequence n x v → Fin n
  index-in-fin-sequence n x v I = pr1 I

  eq-component-fin-sequence-index-in-fin-sequence :
    (n : ℕ) (x : A) (v : fin-sequence A n) (I : in-fin-sequence n x v) →
    x ＝ v (index-in-fin-sequence n x v I)
  eq-component-fin-sequence-index-in-fin-sequence n x v I = pr2 I
```

## Properties

### The type of finite sequences of elements in a truncated type is truncated

```agda
module _
  {l : Level} {A : UU l}
  where

  is-trunc-fin-sequence :
    (k : 𝕋) (n : ℕ) → is-trunc k A → is-trunc k (fin-sequence A n)
  is-trunc-fin-sequence k n H = is-trunc-function-type k H
```

### The type of finite sequences of elements in a set is a set

```agda
module _
  {l : Level} {A : UU l}
  where

  is-set-fin-sequence : (n : ℕ) → is-set A → is-set (fin-sequence A n)
  is-set-fin-sequence = is-trunc-fin-sequence zero-𝕋

fin-sequence-Set : {l : Level} → Set l → ℕ → Set l
pr1 (fin-sequence-Set A n) = fin-sequence (type-Set A) n
pr2 (fin-sequence-Set A n) = is-set-fin-sequence n (is-set-type-Set A)
```

> ### Adding the tail to the head gives the same functional tuple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding the tail to the head gives the same finite sequence
```

  is-trunc-fin-sequence k n H = is-trunc-function-type k H
```

### The type of finite sequences of elements in a set is a set

```agda
module _
  {l : Level} {A : UU l}
  where

  is-set-fin-sequence : (n : ℕ) → is-set A → is-set (fin-sequence A n)
  is-set-fin-sequence = is-trunc-fin-sequence zero-𝕋

fin-sequence-Set : {l : Level} → Set l → ℕ → Set l
pr1 (fin-sequence-Set A n) = fin-sequence (type-Set A) n
pr2 (fin-sequence-Set A n) = is-set-fin-sequence n (is-set-type-Set A)
```

### Adding the tail to the head gives the same finite sequence

```agda
module _
  {l : Level} {A : UU l}
  where
  htpy-cons-head-tail-fin-sequence :
    ( n : ℕ) →
    ( v : fin-sequence A (succ-ℕ n)) →
    ( cons-fin-sequence n
      ( head-fin-sequence n v)
      ( tail-fin-sequence n v)) ~
      ( v)
  htpy-cons-head-tail-fin-sequence n v (inl x) = refl
  htpy-cons-head-tail-fin-sequence n v (inr star) = refl

  cons-head-tail-fin-sequence :
    ( n : ℕ) →
    ( v : fin-sequence A (succ-ℕ n)) →
    ( cons-fin-sequence n
      ( head-fin-sequence n v)
      ( tail-fin-sequence n v)) ＝
      ( v)
  cons-head-tail-fin-sequence n v =
    eq-htpy (htpy-cons-head-tail-fin-sequence n v)

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

## See also

- [Sequences](foundation.sequences.md)
````
